<Onstage>
New York M C:
 You want it right, direct from hell, Spinal Tap!
--- Spinal Tap performs Tonight I'm Gonna Rock You Tonight ---
David: We are Spinal Tap from the UK you must be the USA!


/*Debut de l'interview */
<Garden Interview I>
Marty: Let's...uh talk a little bit about the history of the
 group. I understand Nigel you and David originally started
 the band wuh...back in...when was it... 1964?
David: Well before that we were in different groups, I was in a
 group called The Creatures and w-which was a skiffle group.
Nigel: I was in Lovely Lads.
David: Yeah.
Nigel: And then we looked at each other and says well we might as
 well join up you know and uh....
David: So we became The Originals.
Nigel: Right.
David: And we had to change our name actually....
Nigel: Well there was, there was another group in the East End
 called The Originals and we had to rename ourselves.
David: The New Originals.
Nigel: The New Originals and then, uh, they became....
David: The Regulars, they changed their name back to The Regulars
 and we thought well, we could go back to The Originals but
 what's the point?
Nigel: We became The Thamesmen at that point.
/*Debut de la chanson*/
--- Tonight I’m Gonna Rock You Tonight (lyrics) ---
Little girl, it's a great big world but there's only one of me
You can't touch 'cause I cost too much but
Tonight I'm gonna rock you (Tonight I'm gunna rock you)
Yeah tonight I'm gonna rock you (Tonight I'm gunna rock you)
Tonight!
You're sweet but you're just four feet
And you still got your baby teeth
You're too young and I'm too well hung
Tonight I'm gonna rock you (Tonight I'm gunna rock you)
Yeah onight I'm gonna rock you (Tonight I'm gunna rock you)
Tonight!
Whoa yeah
You're hot, you take all we got, not a dry
seat in the house
Next day, we'll be on our way
Tonight we're gonna rock you (Tonight we're gunna rock you)
Yeah tonight we're gunna rock you (Tonight we're gunna rock
you)
Tonight!
Chorus:
Little girl, it's a great big world, but there's
only one of - meeeee
--- end of the song ---